and do everything we can.
I just hope
Gal exposes it in time.
RECORDING STUDIO 1
This way.
We must do it in three minutes.
Let's do this.
Though it'll be
the worst broadcast accident ever.
GANG OF 4 NORTHERN SPIES WANTED
Let him through.
SECURITY CHECKPOINT, STOP
If we take a detour,
we'll never get there by two.
There are only two of them.
I'll go kill them.
Then we'll end up giving them the lead.
We can't let them find out
where we're headed.
We have no choice but to split up.
Eung-cheol and Comrade Joo, they
don't know your faces, so take this car.
Comrade Kang and I will go on foot.
But how will you get there by two on foot?
I had a ship departing at eight ready
just in case. We'll take that.
You two go first
and wait for us at Qingdao Port.
Comrade Kang.
Let's go.
Be safe, you two.
You have to get there safely.
I'll be waiting.
Gyeok-chan.
Let's have a drink there.
Are you sure you can handle me?
Comrade Joo,
I'll shoot them if anything goes wrong.
Don't be nervous.
SECURITY CHECKPOINT
SLOW DOWN FOR INSPECTION
There will be a brief inspection.
MP
RECORDING STUDIO 1
ON AIR
-Get out of here! Get out now!
-What's going on?
-Get out, you bastards!
-I'm leaving.
-Go.
-Okay.
A WALK THROUGH GREATEST HITS
I hope everyone listening to this is well.
This is Gal Sang-sik,
a political reporter at JBC
who first covered
Professor Han's abduction.
Since we have concluded
that the lives
of the 33 hostages in the dorm
are in danger,
we're bringing you breaking news.
According to sources from the inside,
the Hosu University hostage situation is
an election scheme planned
by the key figures of the administration.
I'm the agent who led the hostages out
when they were released.
I… I'm sorry,
but there's not much time,
so let me say what I must say first.
Agent Lee Gang-mu!
Are you listening?
I…